Self-managed superannuation fund annual return



Who should complete this annual return?
Only self-managed superannuation funds (SMSFs) can complete this annual return. All other funds must complete the Fund income tax return 2024 (NAT 71287).

To complete this annual return
? Print clearly, using a BLACK pen only.
? Use BLOCK LETTERS and print one character per box.



 The Self-managed superannuation fund annual return instructions 2024 (NAT 71606) (the instructions) can assist you to complete this annual return.
 The SMSF annual return cannot be used to notify us of a change in fund membership. You must update fund details via ABR.gov.au or complete the Change of details for superannuation entities form (NAT 3036).
? 
Place

in ALL applicable boxes.








Section A: Fund information
1 Tax file number (TFN)
 The ATO is authorised by law to request your TFN. You are not obliged to quote your TFN but not quoting it could increase the chance of delay or error in processing your annual return. See the Privacy note in the Declaration.

2 Name of self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF)


3 Australian business number (ABN) (if applicable)

4 Current postal address


Suburb/town	State/territory	Postcode
		



5 Annual return status
Is this an amendment to the SMSFĺs 2024 return?	A No


Yes



Is this the first required return for a newly registered SMSF?	B

No	Yes

Tax File Number


6 SMSF auditor
Auditorĺs name
Title:	Mr  Mrs  Miss  Ms  Other Family name
First given name	Other given names
	
SMSF Auditor Number	Auditorĺs phone number Postal address
Suburb/town	State/territory	Postcode
		
Day	Month	Year
Date audit was completed	A	


Was Part A of the audit report qualified? Was Part B of the audit report qualified?
B 
No   Yes
C No	Yes

If Part B of the audit report was qualified,
have the reported issues been rectified?
D 
No

Yes



7 Electronic funds transfer (EFT)
We need your self-managed super fundĺs financial institution details to pay any super payments and tax refunds owing to you.
A Fundĺs financial institution account details
This account is used for super contributions and rollovers. Do not provide a tax agent account here. Fund BSB number 	Fund account number
Fund account name
I would like my tax refunds made to this account.	Go to C.

B Financial institution account details for tax refunds
This account is used for tax refunds. You can provide a tax agent account here. BSB number		Account number
Account name
C Electronic service address alias
Provide the electronic service address alias (ESA) issued by your SMSF messaging provider. (For example, SMSFdataESAAlias). See instructions for more information.

Tax File Number


8 Status of SMSF	Australian superannuation fund
Does the fund trust deed allow acceptance of
the Governmentĺs Super Co-contribution and
Low Income Super Amounts?

A No   Yes
C No	Yes

Fund benefit structure

B

Code



9 Was the fund wound up during the income year?
Day	Month	Year	Have all tax lodgment

No	Yes

If yes, provide the date on which the fund was wound up
        
and payment obligations been met?

No	Yes



10 Exempt current pension income
Did the fund pay retirement phase superannuation income stream benefits to one or more members in the income year?


No	Go to Section B: Income.

Yes	Exempt current pension income amount A $
Which method did you use to calculate your exempt current pension income?
Segregated assets method  B


Unsegregated assets method  C

Was an actuarial certificate obtained?
D 
Yes


Did the fund have any other income that was assessable?

E Yes No

 Go to Section B: Income.
Choosing ĹNoĺ means that you do not have any assessable income, including no-TFN quoted contributions.
Go to Section C: Deductions and non-deductible expenses. (Do not complete Section B: Income.)



Tax File Number

Section B: Income
 Do not complete this section if all superannuation interests in the SMSF were supporting superannuation income streams in the retirement phase for the entire year, there was no other income that was assessable, and you have not realised a deferred notional gain. If you are entitled to claim any tax offsets, you can record these at Section D: Income tax calculation statement.

11 Income
Did you have a capital gains tax (CGT) event during the year?


  Have you applied an exemption or rollover?


G No  Yes


M No	Yes

If the total capital loss or total capital gain is greater than
$10,000 or you elected to use the transitional CGT relief in 2017 and the deferred notional gain has been realised, complete and attach a Capital gains tax (CGT) schedule 2024.



Net capital gain  A $
Gross rent and other leasing and hiring income  B $
Gross interest  C $
Forestry managed investment
scheme income

Australian franking credits from a New Zealand company  E $
Transfers from foreign funds
Gross payments where ABN not quoted
Gross distribution from partnerships
*Unfranked dividend
amount
*Franked dividend
amount
*Dividend franking
credit  L $
*Gross trust distributions


Calculation of non-armĺs length income
*Net non-armĺs length private company dividends
U1 $
plus *Net non-armĺs length trust distributions
U2 $
*Other income
*Assessable income due to changed tax status of fund
S $

T $plus
U3*Net other non-armĺs length income	Net non-armĺs
length income
$	(subject to 45% tax rate)
(U1 plus U2 plus U3)U $
Exempt current pension income  Y $


Tax File Number

Section C: Deductions and non-deductible expenses
12 Deductions and non-deductible expenses
 Under ĹDeductionsĺ list all expenses and allowances you are entitled to claim a deduction for. Under ĹNon-deductible expensesĺ, list all other expenses or normally allowable deductions that you cannot claim as a deduction (for example, all expenses related to exempt current pension income should be recorded in the ĹNon-deductible expensesĺ column).
DEDUCTIONS	NON-DEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES
Interest expenses
within Australia
Interest expenses
overseas
Capital works expenditure
 Decline in value of depreciating assets
Insurance premiums ľ
       members SMSF auditor fee
Investment expenses
      Management and administration expenses
 Forestry managed investment scheme
      expense Other amounts
Tax losses deducted







Tax File Number

Section D: Income tax calculation statement
#Important:
Section B label R3, Section C label O and Section D labels A,T1, J, T5 and I are mandatory. If you leave these labels blank, you will have specified a zero amount.
13 Calculation statement


Gross tax  B $
(T1 plus J)

SUBTOTAL 1
T2 $
(B less C ľ cannot be less than zero)





SUBTOTAL 2
T3 $
(T2 less D ľ cannot be less than zero)


Section 102AAM interest charge
G $

Tax File Number




#Tax offset refunds
(Remainder of refundable tax offsets)	I $



(unused amount from label E ľ
an amount must be included even if it is zero)


PAYG instalments raised
K $
Supervisory levy
L $
Supervisory levy adjustment for wound up funds
M $
Supervisory levy adjustment for new funds
N $




Section E: Losses
14 Losses



Tax losses carried forward
to later income years
    Net capital losses carried forward to later income years










