
Tax File Number
Section F: Member information
MEMBER 1
Title:	Mr  Mrs  Miss  Ms  Other Family name

First given name	Other given names
Accumulation phase value X1 $
Retirement phase value X2 $
   Outstanding limited recourse borrowing arrangement amount

Tax File Number
MEMBER 2
Title:	Mr  Mrs  Miss  Ms  Other Family name
First given name	Other given names

Accumulation phase value X1 $
Retirement phase value X2 $
   Outstanding limited recourse borrowing arrangement amount

Tax File Number

Section H: Assets and liabilities
1 ASSETS
15aAustralian managed investmentsListed trustsA $50,800Unlisted trustsB $Insurance policyC $Other managed investmentsD $15bAustralian direct investmentsCash and term depositsE $373,340

15c  Other investments	Crypto-assets N $



15d Overseas direct investments

Overseas shares P $

Overseas non-residential real property Q $
Overseas residential real property R $
Overseas managed investments S $
Other overseas assets T $




15e  In-house assets
Did the fund have a loan to, lease to or investment in, related parties (known as in-house assets)
at the end of the income year?


A No


Yes		$

Tax File Number


15f  Limited recourse borrowing arrangements
If the fund had an LRBA were the LRBA
borrowings from a licensed
financial institution?
Did the members or related parties of the fund use personal guarantees or other
security for the LRBA?



A No	Yes

B No	Yes



2 LIABILITIES
Total member closing account balances
(total of all CLOSING ACCOUNT BALANCEs from Sections F and G)	W $
Reserve accounts	X $
Other liabilities	Y $



Section I: Taxation of financial arrangements
3 Taxation of financial arrangements (TOFA)
Total TOFA gains H $
Total TOFA losses	I $


Section J: Other information
Family trust election status
If the trust or fund has made, or is making, a family trust election, write the four-digit income year specified of the election (for example, for the 2023–24 income year, write 2024). A
If revoking or varying a family trust election, print R for revoke or print V for variation, and complete and attach the Family trust election, revocation or variation 2024. B
Interposed entity election status
If the trust or fund has an existing election, write the earliest income year specified. If the trust
or fund is making one or more elections this year, write the earliest income year being C
specified and complete an Interposed entity election or revocation 2024 for each election.
If revoking an interposed entity election, print R, and complete
and attach the Interposed entity election or revocation 2024.  D

Tax File Number

Section K: Declarations

Important
Before making this declaration check to ensure that all income has been disclosed and the annual return, all attached schedules and any additional documents are true and correct in every detail. If you leave labels blank, you will have specified a zero amount or the label was not applicable to you. If you are in doubt about any aspect of the annual return, place all the facts before the ATO.
Privacy
The ATO is authorised by the Taxation Administration Act 1953 to request the provision of tax file numbers (TFNs). We will use the TFN to identify the entity in our records. It is not an offence not to provide the TFN. However if you do not provide the TFN, the processing of this form may be delayed.
Taxation law authorises the ATO to collect information and disclose it to other government agencies. For information about your privacy
go to ato.gov.au/privacy
TRUSTEE’S OR DIRECTOR’S DECLARATION:
I declare that, the current trustees or directors of the corporate trustee have authorised this annual return and it is documented as such in the SMSF’s records. I have received a copy of the audit report and are aware of any matters raised therein. The information on this annual return, including any attached schedules and additional documentation is true and correct.
Authorised trustee’s, director’s or public officer’s signature




Preferred trustee or director contact details:
Title:	Mr  Mrs  Miss  Ms  Other Family name


First given name	Other given names


Date


Day	Month	Year

    

	
Phone number Email address

Non-individual trustee name (if applicable)
ABN of non-individual trustee


TAX AGENT’S DECLARATION:
I declare that the Self-managed superannuation fund annual return 2024 has been prepared in accordance with information provided by the trustees, that the trustees have given me a declaration stating that the information provided to me is true and correct, and that the trustees have authorised me to lodge this annual return.
Tax agent’s signature




Tax agent’s contact details
Title:	Mr  Mrs  Miss  Ms  Other Family name


First given name	Other given names



Date


Day	Month	Year

    


	
Tax agent’s practice
Tax agent’s phone number	Reference number	Tax agent number
		








